[PL-47646] PL 1.26.11 Release Notes (#5485)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/platform.md

## February 2024

### Version 1.26.11 <!--  February 26, 2024 -->

#### Fixed issues

- Creating or updating a project with an org identifier absent in the account used to throw error code: 500. (PL-47059, ZD-58093)

   Now, the UI displays the following improved error message if the provided org identifier is absent: `Organisation with identifier "OrgId" does not exist in accountIdentifier: "accountId"`.

- The retry interval for attempting to create or read secrets from HashiCorp Vault was fixed at 1 second after each failure. (PL-46595, ZD-57053)
   
   The retry interval has now been modified to increase by a factor of 2 times the number of failures. Consequently, after the first failure, the second attempt will occur after a 2-second delay, and the third attempt will be made after a 4-second delay, enhancing the robustness of secret management operations.

>    This item requires Harness Delegate version 24.02.82402. For information about Harness Delegate features that require a specific delegate version, go to the Delegate release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This item requires Harness Delegate version 24.02.82402. For information about Harness Delegate features that require a specific delegate version, go to the [Delegate release notes](/release-notes/delegate).
```

>    This item is available with Harness Platform version 1.26.11 and does not require a new delegate version. For information about Harness Delegate features that require a specific delegate version, go to the Delegate release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This item requires Harness Delegate version 24.02.82402. For information about Harness Delegate features that require a specific delegate version, go to the Delegate release notes.
```

- When linking an SSO group with over 1,000 users, only 1,000 users were syncing in Harness due to a limitation with LDAP groups syncing. (PL-46492, ZD-56741)

   Implemented LDAP to perform paginated queries by default for large groups, with a fallback to non-paginated calls, ensuring complete user synchronisation.

>    This item requires Harness Delegate version 24.02.82402. For information about Harness Delegate features that require a specific delegate version, go to the Delegate release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This item requires Harness Delegate version 24.02.82402. For information about Harness Delegate features that require a specific delegate version, go to the [Delegate release notes](/release-notes/delegate).
```

>    This item is available with Harness Platform version 1.26.11 and does not require a new delegate version. For information about Harness Delegate features that require a specific delegate version, go to the Delegate release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This item requires Harness Delegate version 24.02.82402. For information about Harness Delegate features that require a specific delegate version, go to the Delegate release notes.
```

- Pipelines were failing due to errors related to the inability to acquire delegate tasks. (PL-42600, ZD-54025, ZD-54324)

   The logic for calculating CPU and Memory usage has been improved, specifically for scenarios utilizing the dynamic task request handling feature in delegates, enhancing the reliability of task allocation and pipeline execution.

>    This item requires Harness Delegate version 24.02.82402. For information about Harness Delegate features that require a specific delegate version, go to the Delegate release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This item requires Harness Delegate version 24.02.82402. For information about Harness Delegate features that require a specific delegate version, go to the [Delegate release notes](/release-notes/delegate).
```

>    This item is available with Harness Platform version 1.26.11 and does not require a new delegate version. For information about Harness Delegate features that require a specific delegate version, go to the Delegate release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This item requires Harness Delegate version 24.02.82402. For information about Harness Delegate features that require a specific delegate version, go to the Delegate release notes.
```
